meanwhile Halloween's a week from
tonight and in case you're wondering si
will be encouraging parents to pretend
they ate all the candy Halloween is not
all fun and games it's important to
remember that and in Chesapeake Virginia
if you trick-or-treat after a certain
age you could wind up in jail the city
of Chesapeake Virginia is threatening
jail time for Halloween troublemakers
over 12 years old a city's ordinance
code states if anyone over 12 years of
age participates in trick-or-treat or
any similar activity he or she shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be
punished by a fine of not less than $25
nor more than $100 or by confinement in
jail for not more than six months
[Applause]
I do think trick-or-treating should be
limited to little kids not teenagers but
not with the threat of incarceration
seems completely not so we got in touch
with the Chesapeake Police Department
and they agreed to talk about this
controversial new rule there with that
said please say hello to sergeant buck
DePalma hi there hi sergeant how are you
hello thanks for having me Jimmy thank
you for doing this sergeant DiPalma is
Chesapeake really going to enforce this
law that in locking up kids I mean with
all due respect this sounds excessive
you haven't seen where I've seen out on
the streets you soft-boiled Hollywood
powder puffs every day I'm putting my
life on the line to protect the citizens
of this fine town I don't I don't doubt
that but it just seems like this
particular crime is pretty much
victimless victimless let me ask you
something you gluten-intolerant
pussy-willow
do you ever wake up in a cold sweat grip
with the fear that any day could be the
day your cruiser gets egged I know I
guess I have faced off with three
Princess Elsa's rampaging through a
pumpkin patch jacked out of their
freakin minds on Pixy Stix
I cannot say that I have now have you
ever stared straight into the cold dead
eyes of a prepubescent Peppa Pig and
wondered and wondered as this horrible
creature reach for a full sized
completely untraceable 3 Musketeers bar
if you'd get home to see your family
that night ok no I definitely happen
have you felt those things no we just
like to be prepared for these things ok
that's why when it comes to trick or
tini I support life in prison life in
prison
no offense sergeant but that's that
sounds very extreme to wait you'll thank
me when you can walk the streets again
without fear you double knit chicken now
if you'll excuse me I've got a 3140 to
respond alright well thank you hey what
is a 31:40 by the way unlicensed cotton
candy vendor at the county fair let's
roll alright go get him sergeant Thank
You sergeant
you know I am Jimmy Kimmel click below
to subscribe to our YouTube channel or
if you want to be that way about it
though